stop the show boys jersey dress i can
aim a rocket number six while receive
here at the you this is what kind of
stop why receiver number two AKA batman
and welcome to our crib welcome we've
got some more bcs bowls dusty buffalo
topi right here first and on the season
beat the role in thai sugar Beauchamp
2009 caution if you are pregnant or any
of those things yes and just under you
know stomach this room is not for you
hey come on it's our cafeteria all right
now so the let me know we got this
fabulous salad bar
all the best lettuce i love grace now
you know exactly
it's got to be big on the protein you
know we don't get this big for nothing
you know
now this is the burger bar have a burger
bar you know this is a great place you
get to tell them what you want double
triple any type of burger you want and
they're gonna make it for you right on
see see right here we got our desserts
got a lemon poppy cake Oh look around
so see we hang out at 40 mode before we
into the players now I want to show you
the Chop Shop will people get chopped up
look at myself nice writer you got your
music playing got a nice flat-screen TVs
this bar team is so close no cut the
Xbox setup do not be putting it down on
the AC SS I got saved a pool table
Oh noble iTunes have this but this is
great right perfect it's my favorite
personal the guy funeral as you can see
a lot of players are getting naps in
here I like to nap in here as well
because you know it's real dark but you
know you get to watch great movies over
here it's very spacious and as you can
see is very comfortable and very long
I'm Angelo Shah McClellan over here
getting some Singh very long for us six
foot seven yes you know we got to go
catch up on some C's guys okay Scotty we
need that locker room dress let's go
through it let's go to guys night ladies
it takes a lot of success to get things
like this you don't just get it you know
as you can see here to the right you got
dres Anderson number six from Riverside
California
so more than healthy place okay know a
little bit of music thing we got going
here play that
I've sent me the team auditory let's go
do that
let's go ahead with that good
where's our keeper you can hear the echo
this is Sophie well howdy guys
back with us once again our
rehabilitation stations before we get
taped up every day before practice you
know you want to be as cautious as
possible so we get our ankles taped up
okay Calvin would you like to follow
your tape I won't follow you saw buzzing
stops okay I go there every station mmm
no you got multiple camera angles so
doing your therapy you can see how it's
going you know we're not just watching
from over
we got TV see are you doing on the
inside we've got our cold pool and our
hot tub very cold but you know as a
football players were running around
every day getting dinged up so you know
we got to rest our body in these cold
pools they do a wonderful job down this
wrong way man let's do it bro
hopefully one day one day we can make it
over here hopefully bro you know we got
the nice NFC and AFC teams all right
let's head down to this nutritional nuts
cashews pistachios we've got a lot of
fruits down here it's a little
refrigerator now you got your Apple as
your pears nectarines oranges you forgot
this movie nice oh my love oh my god and
over here through this glass wall you
know sorry yoga our young area as I must
say unfortunately myself in case God
we're not that flexible so having a
younger room like this it's very handy
coach the PC runs the thing even though
we're working on our limb limberness you
know I'm getting close to it I'm getting
close to almost not quite there we can
close hey let's go check out some of our
coaches and their offices good you guys
push wits office as you can see his son
Alex is in here Oh Angie just a lock on
the park now they want to live in here
come on now this is better than my room
at home
yeah it's very nice Feli done beautiful
view
okay Scott wake up bro
we're not done yeah we're not done yet
you know because man we got to the most
live is room the media room this is
where the magic happens and that amazing
happens Maisie
for the past five years this stated you
see right here bicycles it's sold out
sold out every single good thank you
thank we love you guys this is where you
become a star hair in the wind
make it touchdown celebrating striking a
Heisman pose we appreciate you guys and
taking this journey with us through our
University of Utah football facility but
the way our time is set up we have to
head to me and get prepared for this
upcoming season so you gotta go you
gotta leave your mark get up out of here
yes gone appreciate you love you season
ticket holders also oh yeah much love
you guys have a great day peace you
solve it
you